README.md, before:

# CLion (Command Line Lion)

A high-performance, native C++ CLI tool that acts as an autonomous pair programmer for C++ projects. By combining native C++ performance with AI-powered code assistance, CLion revolutionizes how developers interact with their codebase.

## Features

- **Intelligent Code Review**: AI-powered code analysis and improvement suggestions
- **Automated Error Fixing**: Automatically fix compilation errors using AI
- **Native C++ Indexing**: Fast, metadata-based context understanding
- **Transparent Operations**: Full visibility into token usage, costs, and reasoning
- **Project-Aware**: Understands project structure and respects coding conventions

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- C++20 compatible compiler (GCC 10+, Clang 10+, or MSVC 2019+)
- CMake 3.16+
- CURL development libraries
- CLI11 library
- nlohmann/json library
- YAML-CPP library

### Building

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-org/clion.git
cd clion
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make
```

### Basic Usage

```bash
# Review a file
./clion review --file src/main.cpp

# Fix compilation errors
./clion fix-error "cmake --build ."

# Show detailed reasoning
./clion review --file src/main.cpp --explain
```

## Configuration

Create a `.clionrules.yaml` file in your project root:

```yaml
# Project-specific coding conventions
rules:
  - name: "naming_conventions"
    instruction: "Use snake_case for function names"
    priority: "high"

# API settings
api:
  provider: "gemini"
  model: "gemini-pro"
  max_tokens: 8192
```

## Development Status

CLion is currently in active development. See the [DEVELOPMENT_ROADMAP.md](DEVELOPMENT_ROADMAP.md) for detailed implementation plans.

### Current Phase: Foundation

- [x] Project Setup
- [ ] Argument Parsing with CLI11
- [ ] HTTP Client with CURL
- [ ] Basic I/O & Diff Utilities

## Architecture

See [CLION_ARCHITECTURE.md](CLION_ARCHITECTURE.md) for detailed system architecture and component design.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- CLI11 for command-line parsing
- nlohmann/json for JSON handling
- CURL for HTTP requests
- YAML-CPP for configuration parsing

Commit message:

feat: Enhance CLI and prepare for public release
This commit introduces several new features and improvements to the CLion CLI, bringing it closer to the functionality of modern code assistants like the Gemini and Claude CLIs.

- New `generate` command: A versatile command for generating code and text from a prompt, with an interactive mode for refining results and the ability to use multiple files as context.

- New `transform` command: A powerful command for applying AI-driven transformations to existing code.

- New `scaffold` command: A command for generating entire project structures from a high-level description.

- Global installation: The `clion` executable can now be installed globally, making it accessible from anywhere on the system.

- Code cleanup: The codebase has been cleaned up to remove sensitive data, improve the `.gitignore` file, and remove build artifacts.

These changes make the CLion CLI a more powerful, flexible, and user-friendly tool for developers.

README.md, after:

# CLion (Command Line Lion)

CLion (Command Line Lion) is a high-performance, native C++ CLI tool that acts as an autonomous pair programmer for all agentic coding, focusing on robust context-handling and compiler-feedback loops, with support for OpenRouter and Requesty AI.

## Features

- **Intelligent Code Review**: AI-powered code analysis and improvement suggestions
- **Automated Error Fixing**: Automatically fix compilation errors using AI
- **Native C++ Indexing**: Fast, metadata-based context understanding
- **Transparent Operations**: Full visibility into token usage, costs, and reasoning
- **Project-Aware**: Understands project structure and respects coding conventions

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- C++20 compatible compiler (GCC 10+, Clang 10+, or MSVC 2019+)
- CMake 3.16+
- CURL development libraries
- CLI11 library
- nlohmann/json library
- YAML-CPP library

### Building

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-org/clion.git
cd clion
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make
```

### Basic Usage

```bash
# Review a file
./clion review --file src/main.cpp

# Fix compilation errors
./clion fix-error "cmake --build ."

# Show detailed reasoning
./clion review --file src/main.cpp --explain
```

## Configuration

Create a `.clionrules.yaml` file in your project root:

```yaml
# Project-specific coding conventions
rules:
  - name: "naming_conventions"
    instruction: "Use snake_case for function names"
    priority: "high"

# API settings
api:
  provider: "gemini"
  model: "gemini-pro"
  max_tokens: 8192
```

## Development Status

CLion is currently in active development. See the [DEVELOPMENT_ROADMAP.md](DEVELOPMENT_ROADMAP.md) for detailed implementation plans.

### Current Phase: Foundation

- [x] Project Setup
- [ ] Argument Parsing with CLI11
- [ ] HTTP Client with CURL
- [ ] Basic I/O & Diff Utilities

## Architecture

See [CLION_ARCHITECTURE.md](CLION_ARCHITECTURE.md) for detailed system architecture and component design.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- CLI11 for command-line parsing
- nlohmann/json for JSON handling
- CURL for HTTP requests
- YAML-CPP for configuration parsing
